feat: widgets faq (#26)
lidofinance/lido-cms: README.md

# Local development (files are saved locally)

- Install dependencies with `yarn`.

> - Get `lido-landing` directory from [lido-content repo](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-content) to root.

Reviewer: I guess this content is the same as https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-cms/pull/24

Author: You are right

> - Get `lido-landing` directory from [lido-content repo](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-content) to root.
>   - You should make it 'cause a current structure made for [lido-content repo](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-content).
>   - Or you should change structure in [features/cms/initialize](features/cms/initialize) and [features/cms/previews](features/cms/previews)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To add content, copy the folders (of the desired projects) from the [content repository](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-content) to the root. (optional)
```
